Is it legal to order papers at DoMyAssignments.com?
Yes. Online assistance is not banned by any college or university. For this reason, there is nothing illegal about getting professional help with your essay or research paper. Working online with writers and experts in your topic is similar to approaching a college tutor for help with writing issues.

What subjects do your writers cover?
Whatever subject you may need an essay on, know that DoMyAssignments experts can produce paper in a plethora of disciplines. We write custom assignments in Math, Programming, Business Management, Nursing, Psychology, English, etc., and our team includes academic writers qualified in both exact sciences and humanities.


How quickly can you write my paper?
The time needed to write and polish an essay depends on the level of complexity, length, and deadline of the assignment. Sometimes it takes more time to complete technical subjects. However, our writers and managers do their best to meet your deadlines. We can return a complete product within four hours while still maintaining its quality.


Who is my writer?
At our assignment writing service, homework assignment help is provided by both native and non-native English speaking writers. Before we recruit new members to our team, we make sure to test them for English proficiency and check their educational background as well as their previous writing experience. We take care to confirm that every writer knows how to work with students and comply with academic writing standards.


Can you guarantee high-quality writing?
Before you receive your assignment, we take time to check it for punctuation, grammar, spelling, and other errors to verify that the piece is up to the standards. We revise your paper for free, and if even after that you’re not satisfied with the quality of the piece, you’re welcome to request a full or partial refund.


How do I pay for homework help?
When you place your “do my homework” order, you can pay directly by using your credit card. Submitting your payment is safe and secure. If the transaction is completed successfully, you will receive an email from our service. At DoMyAssignments.com, we guarantee the total privacy of all transactions and bank details.